Ouch, let's feed you
What kind of shit are you talking about?
Chirping like a monkey
I I
Experienced you
Do you know
Tell me if he hurts a hair
Even if I take you apart and put you back together
Burn to ashes and pee Buddha, you can tell the heart
I'll break you a hundred more times
I dare not shoot with you
Dignity, who is he?
He's the new boss of my dynasty
He turned out to be the boss of my Dynasty Entertainment
No wonder they're so rich.
How can there be such an excellent man?
I must soak him
I'm going to hit the boss
You're killing me! I... I don't know!
If I knew
I wouldn't dare if you gave me a few guts.
Hurry up and apologize to the boss.
If the boss could forgive you, I wouldn't have to die
roll
Don't go anymore
I have someone who can't get up
You treat me like a fart
Let me go, boss, forgive me
Boss, forgive the boss.
Boss Rao
I can spare one of you.
It's up to you to compete with each other
Know what I mean?
dignity
There we go.
I still have business to do
You understand what the boss means.
There is only one life between the two of us
Don't run away, blame it for offending the boss.
I want your life